Update disable-automatic-logging.mdx (#11522)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/logs/logs-context/disable-automatic-logging.mdx

    If you want to disable automatic log forwarding for some agents and enable it for others, you can adjust each agent's client-side configuration settings. The agents will never instrument the log data in the first place; instead, they will completely remove the logs. You will need to use client-side configuration if you need to lower overhead.

    Client-side configuration settings work completely independently of server-side configuration. The config setting to disable auto logging takes precedence even if the server-side configuration takes precedence for the agent (like Ruby) in other situations. Only the agents that read the changed config file will be impacted.
    
    <Callout variant="important">

>     Additional Logging Metrics are gathered and used in the Logs chart on the APM Summary page. These metrics are not affected by disabling Log Forwarding through the Account Settings UI and should be explicitly disabled in your application's APM configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Additional logging metrics are collected and displayed in the Logs chart on the **APM Summary** page. If you disable log forwarding through the Account Settings UI, these logging metrics will not be affected. However, if you need to disable the metrics, you'll need to explicitly disable them in your application's APM configuration.
```
